docs: an honest deprecation warning for ecommerce service (#82)
overhangio/tutor-ecommerce: README.rst

This is a plugin for `Tutor <https://docs.tutor.edly.io>`_ that integrates the `E-Commerce <https://github.com/openedx/ecommerce/>`__ application in an Open edX platform.

⛔️ WARNING
==========

> This service is under-maintained. We are not fixing bugs or developing new features for it. We hope to deprecate and replace it soon. For updates, `follow along on the DEPR ticket <https://github.com/openedx/public-engineering/issues/22>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
e-commerce and e-commerce worker are under-maintained. The Open edX community is not fixing bugs or developing new features for it. We hope to deprecate and replace it soon. For updates, `follow along on the DEPR ticket <https://github.com/openedx/public-engineering/issues/22>`_.
```

Author: Does this work @DawoudSheraz ?

Reviewer: Looks good.

> 

Reviewer: nit: Instead of "This service", "We", the wording should be renamed to signify:
-  This service --> e-commerce and e-commerce worker
- We --> Axim

Author: I agree on the first point, but I feel "we" is the entire Open edX community, not just Axim.
